Critical Bugs: 
1. Have  payment but not in payment details table (Payment Id 41,42). Need to fix the bug immediately.
    how to find out root cause:
       a. check code for partial commit or update or delete
2. Shortage amount is not calculated correctly. Need to fix the bug immediately.
    Status: solved. 
     no issue foun

3. Claim and checque/Cash collection is showing by swapping there position in payment details grid. 
    a. Execute update queries to update table values in payment table 
    b. Need to fix configurtion "Intrument Type". Cash and cheque will be cash equivalent and claim will be not cash equivalent


4. Implement validation logic on the Credit Invoice Entry Page: if both the Sales amount and the Return amount are zero, prevent the user from saving the data and display a notification instructing them to enter at least one amount.

ok5. in Credit Invoice Entry Page, I am using CustomerDropdown.vue To display custom parent and child  as dropdown list.
    a. if I select parent customer and then select child customer, it works fine. But if I select first item "Select Customer" from child combo, then  system make both the parent and child customer value reset to blank selection.
    b. initial value of both list is also blank. I want that initial value of parent list is "Select Parent Organization" and child list is "Select Customer".
    c. After selecting parent customer, press tab to focus on branch name and press down arrow to select next branch but both parent and child customer value reset to blank.

ok 6. In Payment Entry Page, I can't put Grace Period Without selecting a child customer, But when I reset the parent customer child customer value set to empty .....................
X7. In Payment Entry Page, without selecing any customer, 
    1. click on "save and continue" button, it shows error message"Object object", should show "Please select a customer" 
   
8. In "Invoice Entry" Page, after payment Parent Organization is not allow to edit.  --- Fixed
9. {"error":"ID number 5042801 already exists in this branch"} --- If payment id already exists show a user friendly message. 
    and for any generic error I want to see the original error below message as note. 

10. Show Instrument Number Parameter is not export to excel
11. Remove old files: 
        1. views/reports/InvoiceChequeRep.vue
        2. views/reports/CustomerStatementReport.vue
        3. views/SalesDetailReport.vue
12. Negetive due found. but dashboard did not consider the nagetive due. Negetive due should be hilighted in red in dashboard and all reports.
    When calculate if negative due found that means return amount diducted while calculating due amount in dashboard but not all only if total sales - total return is less for a shop
    

